Fix links in ambient usage and architecture docs (#15100)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ambient/architecture/data-plane/index.md

In {{< gloss "ambient" >}}ambient mode{{< /gloss >}}, workloads can fall into 3 categories:
1. **Out of Mesh**: a standard pod without any mesh features enabled. Istio and the ambient {{< gloss >}}data plane{{< /gloss >}} are not enabled.

> 1. **In Mesh**: a pod that is included in the ambient {{< gloss >}}data plane{{< /gloss >}}, and has traffic intercepted at the Layer 4 level by {{< gloss >}}ztunnel{{< /gloss >}}. In this mode, L4 policies can be enforced for pod traffic. This mode can be enabled by setting the `istio.io/dataplane-mode=ambient` label. See [labels](docs/ambient/architecture#ambient-labels) for more details.

Reviewer: these are working for me though

> 1. **In Mesh**: a pod that is included in the ambient {{< gloss >}}data plane{{< /gloss >}}, and has traffic intercepted at the Layer 4 level by {{< gloss >}}ztunnel{{< /gloss >}}. In this mode, L4 policies can be enforced for pod traffic. This mode can be enabled by setting the `istio.io/dataplane-mode=ambient` label. See [labels](/docs/ambient/architecture#ambient-labels) for more details.

Reviewer: where are these links supposed to go? this seems to be not working? i do not see anything as ambient-labels, not ur fault though

> 1. **In Mesh**: a pod that is included in the ambient {{< gloss >}}data plane{{< /gloss >}}, and has traffic intercepted at the Layer 4 level by {{< gloss >}}ztunnel{{< /gloss >}}. In this mode, L4 policies can be enforced for pod traffic. This mode can be enabled by setting the `istio.io/dataplane-mode=ambient` label. See [labels](/docs/ambient/architecture#ambient-labels) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **In Mesh**: a pod that is included in the ambient {{< gloss >}}data plane{{< /gloss >}}, and has traffic intercepted at the Layer 4 level by {{< gloss >}}ztunnel{{< /gloss >}}. In this mode, L4 policies can be enforced for pod traffic. This mode can be enabled by setting the `istio.io/dataplane-mode=ambient` label. See [labels](/docs/ambient/usage/add-workloads/#ambient-labels) for more details.
```

> 1. **In Mesh, Waypoint enabled**: a pod that is _in mesh_ *and* has a {{< gloss "waypoint" >}}waypoint proxy{{< /gloss >}} deployed. In this mode, L7 policies can be enforced for pod traffic. This mode can be enabled by setting the `istio.io/use-waypoint` label. See [labels](/docs/ambient/architecture#ambient-labels) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **In Mesh, Waypoint enabled**: a pod that is _in mesh_ *and* has a {{< gloss "waypoint" >}}waypoint proxy{{< /gloss >}} deployed. In this mode, L7 policies can be enforced for pod traffic. This mode can be enabled by setting the `istio.io/use-waypoint` label. See [labels](/docs/ambient/usage/add-workloads/#ambient-labels) for more details.
```

Author: Thanks, fixed.
